-Previously on Sons of
Anarchy...
(tires screeching)
(grunting)
JAX: What do we know
about Moses Cartwright?
Ex-military.
Special ops.
Blackwater graduate.
That's a serious résumé.
What does August want?
The dead pastor and his family.
Maybe you accidentally put
your cigarette out
on the right location.
We get what we want,
and we can all go home
and sleep in our own beds.
You took my eye out.
I didn't tell you anything.
Give me the location
of the pastor.
Suck my big white dick.
TIG:
CHP's got Juice.
Tully will set him up
to finally kill Lin.
HAPPY:
And if he chokes?
And we become his leverage?
Then Tully will kill Juice.
-Need you to put me in Ad Seg.
-Why?
I'll tell you
who killed Tara Knowles
and Eli Roosevelt.
And you could give us proof?
Chris Dun.
I'll give you the other name
and the location of the weapon
once I have my deal.
I'll see
if I can pull a sheet on Dun.
If we can get Gemma to I.D. him
as one of the guys
she saw leaving the house,
I have to make the deal, Wayne.
-Yeah.
-COLETTI: This kid O'Leary...
Nothing on his friends.
Mom's off the grid. Her husband,
he's got a compound.
No street address.
JAX: Let's take a ride.
You Gib's mom?
Yeah.
What the hell is all this?
His dad is a member
of your club.
-Jury White.
-Call Jury.
Time to find out
if our rat's wearing a reaper.
I know Gib O'Leary was your son.
You should've told me.
Ratting us out to the Chinese,
it only made things worse.
I wanted you dead, Jax.
-But I'm no rat.
-I don't believe that.
You gonna gun me down
without a mayhem vote?
Is that who you are?
You're the one
who betrayed the patch.
-(grunts)
-CHIBS: Jackie!
What the hell did you do?!
You just killed my president!
-You can't walk away from this!
-Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Teller finally reached out.
Unfortunately,
he made the mistake of thinking
the terms were negotiable.
(grunting)
(Bobby screaming)
From Moses.
(Thomas cooing)
(soft knock at door)
(quietly):
Hey. Sorry.
It's okay.
I didn't sleep much.
Me neither.
(door shuts)
You sleep at all, mama?
Yeah.
Little bit.
You want me
to take that out of here?
No.
It's where it belongs.
(footsteps echoing in distance)
-Thanks.
-Mmm.
You not hungry, buddy?
No.
Want some toast? Something else?
No, thank you.
Why don't you all head up
to the cabin?
Bring the boys.
Well, what about school?
Not today.
Abel's struggling, Jax.
-That thing with the lunchbox...
-He'll be fine.
It's just that the more time
he misses, the more
he falls behind. I think that's
adding to his frustration.
He's five years old.
He shouldn't be frustrated.
I want him with me today.
Okay.
Hey.
Tyler's going to meet us
at the cabin.
Good.
Any word on Bobby?
Nothing new.
I'll see you up there.
Yeah, I'll get 'em there.
Gonna need you with us today.
Rat's gonna stay here.
All right, man.
Hey. See you later.
Okay.
See you later, all right?
(door shuts)
Hey, buddy. So we're not gonna
go to school today.
Why?
Daddy wants us up at the cabin
with him.
Someone else die?
GEMMA:
No, baby.
Your daddy just misses you.
Wants you to be with him.
I hate this.
Well, you signed up for it,
sweetheart.
You want to help his son...
you got to do it his way.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
It's all gonna come together.
I just need the phone
we got from the pimp.
Why?
You-you said August wasn't going
to be a problem once you had
-my mother's statement.
-We're not dealing
with a guy
who follows a rule book here.
Things change.
We're just adapting.
If you give him those videos,
he'll embarrass my family,
and that could destroy
our congregation.
We're not gonna give it to him.
JAX: I just need
to show him the video.
Make him think
he's getting the leverage.
What happened?
Why do you need more leverage?
You don't need to know.
I need you to tell me the truth.
Marks grabbed one of my guys.
Oh, my God.
It's just a setback.
You need to trust me.
Please stop saying that.
All right? Every time you do,
something else bad happens.
Tyler's here.
Give me a minute.
There's no plan "B" here.
Get me the phone.
It's in the SUV.
Montez.
Right. Come on.
You guys have gone full redneck.
TIG: We used to have a couple
of black heads on the wall,
but we took 'em down, you know?
Out of respect.
I appreciate that.
Hear you got another package
from Marks and his black ops.
CHIBS:
Yep.
And it's gonna be the last one.
JAX: I need you to set up
a meet with August.
Him or Moses, doesn't matter.
I'll give him the pastor's body
and leverage
that will prove that the mom
and son can't touch him.
We've tried that already.
I got video footage of
the pastor's deviant kink habit.
Him, in full slave mode, taking
it up the ass by underage boys.
-Oh, nice...
-HAPPY: What the hell?
Bitch hit me in the head
with a tire iron. Took off.
Shit.
You set that meet.
(vehicle driving away)
Pull over!
(indistinct shouting)
Pull over! Now!
Hey! Hey!
(gunshot)
Next one's in your head!
Pull over!
Get out. Get out! Get out!
Get out of the car.
You stupid little shit!
What the hell was that about?!
Look, I can't sit back
and just let you get us killed!
-So what, you run away?!
-Look, I was gonna find Marks.
And offer him me
instead of my mother.
You have no idea
what is going on here.
Who Marks is.
He'd break you,
find out where your mother is,
and put a bullet in your head!
I do not care.
I have to end this!
That's what we're gonna do!
I get it. You don't trust me.
Hey, look...
The shit that's gone down,
I don't blame you.
But you going cowboy
is gonna make things worse.
-Get all of us killed.
-(motorcycle approaches)
Hey.
And that includes your mother.
You understand that?
HAPPY:
Boss.
Next time, I'll put a bullet
in your face.
All right.
-Get him back to the cabin.
-TIG: All right.
Have Montez lock him down.
Chibs,
find that phone.
You okay?
Yeah.
Got it.
-Hey.
You, uh, headed out?
Nothing gets past you, Chief.
I need to talk to you.
Privately.
About Juice.
Juice gave up a name, Chris Dun.
One of the Chinese
that killed Tara and Eli.
Why would he do that?
He's making a deal.
Trying to get protection
in Stockton.
Does Jax know?
Your boy's calling
all the shots.
Getting Juice next to Henry Lin.
Gonna finish the payback.
What's that got to do with me?
Jarry's gonna come to you
to corroborate his name.
Have you I.D.
Chris Dun's mug shots.
I looked through
all those mug shot books.
I didn't recognize anyone.
Trust me.
The last thing I want
is Juice doing
the club's bloody work.
I'm just here giving you
a heads-up.
The DA's gonna press you
for cooperation.
Did you hear all that?
I did.
Sneaky Pete.
You gonna say something
or just stare at my tits?
Jax is gonna need you
to identify Dun.
So Unser's right.
-You guys are setting up Juice
to kill... -You don't need to...
-Hey, we ready to...
-Get out.
-I was just asking...
-Go back to the kid's room.
I'll tell you when to come out.
Go ahead, sweetheart.
You don't need details
about Juice.
Just know it's to help the club.
Go to the sheriff.
I.D. the Chinese guy
from the party.
Yeah.
Okay.
Don't buy into the myth.
That to wear the patch you got
to treat women like shit.
'Cause when it comes to finding
a good old lady,
you don't get what you want,
Rat.
You get what you are.
Don't be a dick.
NERO:
We okay here?
Yeah.
I need a ride into town.
Gonna pay a visit
to our Scot-sucking sheriff.
Out of nines.
Check storage.
From Tully.
For the hit on the Chink.
When's it going down?
Soon. He'll let you know.
You might want to hide that
before my black friend
gets back.
You ain't got any pockets.
(scoffs)
(sighs)
(Juice grunting)
I looked through these
the last time.
I don't recognize anyone.
I know. Most of them
are in jail or dead.
Wouldn't know anything
about that, would you?
I run a garage.
I'm not privy to the rise
and fall of Asian thugs.
What about this thug?
Recognize him?
Yes.
I saw him leaving Jax
and Tara's house that night.
You sure?
Yes.
We done?
Did you ever share what you saw
with one Carlos Ortiz?
No. Why?
He claims to know an awful lot
about the murders of Dr. Knowles
and Eli Roosevelt.
What does that got to do
with me?
I don't know. I was hoping
you could shed some light.
He identified Dun, also.
Used the information
to make a deal.
I'm just trying
to connect the dots here.
Well, I guess you and your dots
will have to ask Juice.
This is your daughter-in-law's
murder I'm trying to solve here.
The mother of your grandkids.
Save the righteous cop bullshit
for someone dumb enough
to buy it.
I know you're on the take.
What did you say?
Seriously? You're gonna break
out the Dirty Harriet routine?
You can't play both sides,
sweetheart.
You're on the club's dime
and Chibs's dick.
CARREIRA:
Lieutenant!
ALTHEA:
It's okay.
I'm fine.
Wait outside.
Now, Sheriff.
Yes, ma'am.
(door shuts)
Let me make myself clear,
Mrs. Teller.
I am not on your son's team.
I am playing
by the corrupt rules of
your dysfunctional little town.
So if I call the DA right now,
she's gonna know
all about your MC petty cash
fund?
I serve and protect my quadrant
my way.
That's all she has to know.
All right, Althea.
Far be it from me to burst
anybody's happy little bubble.
I'll keep on telling myself
that I'm a model citizen
and you keep on pretending
that that badge ain't tarnished.
You lay your hands on me again,
I will throw
your white-trash ass in jail.
Well, I guess you'll have to.
'Cause if you ever slap me
again...
I'll shoot you in the throat.
(door shuts)
Glad that went well.
Yeah. I'm a helper.
Guess we've earned an audience
with the new Pope.
It's good you showed up.
This should be between you
and me.
Not your ghosts.
Things have turned so quickly,
Jackson.
Deeply disappointed.
I can see that.
We had everything to gain.
Not me.
I'd already lost too much.
Broke the first rule
of business.
Letting personal feelings
poison your choices.
That's what happens
when your wife
gets brutally murdered
in your own home.
You should've come to me
about Lin.
You know I couldn't do that.
You'd have told me to wait
and then watched me like a hawk.
I had no choice.
You didn't want another choice.
You don't have family, August.
You can never understand.
I'm sorry you feel betrayed.
This had to happen.
Look where we are, Jax.
Is this what you wanted?
Piles of bodies.
Relationships destroyed.
And the guy you were going after
is still alive.
-I'm not done yet.
-Yeah, it's clear.
'Cause now
you're blackmailing me.
Using innocent people to frame
me for a murder I didn't commit.
I don't think you're allowed
to claim them as innocents.
You threaten them,
you exploit their church,
and now you're trying
to destroy everything they love.
You kill the pastor?
We found him in the projects
when we were tracking down
that East Dub OG
that offed the Bastards.
I'm guessing one of his
freak-show friends got to him.
He was cut up pretty bad.
MOSES:
Excuse me, sir.
We should move this along.
Where's this leverage
you promised?
(heavy panting)
I'll give you this
and the pastor's body.
You don't need the wife and son.
Where are they?
The kid's M.I.A.
Mom's in detox.
Private facility.
You don't need them.
Why are you protecting them?
I made a promise.
I believe that.
However, I also know you've
been in touch with the son.
You need to bring him
when you deliver the body.
-I can't let you...
-I'm not gonna kill him.
I just need to make sure
he understands
the severity of the situation.
The importance of silence.
This is as far as I bend,
Jackson.
You want Bobby alive?
Deliver the kid, that phone,
and the pastor.
Here. 4:00 p.m.
Brother, the pastor wasn't cut
up at all when we buried him.
He will be.
TIG: You know, I thought
about becoming a preacher.
It's the other black one.
How much we gonna take?
We just need his torso
and his legs.
I want to do it.
You know why I like
teaming up with you, Hap?
'Cause when we do,
I'm the normal one.
Whatever.
(laughs)
Oh, geez, that's ripe.
(coughing)
Oh, that's ripe.
Oh, Jesus.
(gags)
(coughs)
You okay?
Uh, no.
All this shit triggers my...
Catholic superstitions.
Trust me.
This guy's got a ghost
that's looking for a bus full
of dead schoolboys.
That's comfort.
You want me to finish, pres?
No, we got it.
All right.
(sighs)
I call heads.
(chuckles)
TIG:
Okay.
Perfect.
Jesus.
JAX:
How long?
Half hour.
One more arm to attach.
HAPPY:
What do we carry him in, boss?
Get a sleeping bag out
of the closet.
HAPPY:
All right.
Indian Hills is here, brother.
(beeping)
-He'll be right with you. -JAX:
Did you know they were coming?
CHIBS:
Nope.
Chapel.
Just you and me.
Complicated day.
This shit with Bobby.
You should've given us the
heads-up you were coming down.
We're in Cali for a while.
This was our first stop.
You knew this had to happen.
I know you have questions.
You also don't have
all the intel.
The reason
that Jury ratted us out.
We don't think he was a rat.
CHIBS:
Oh, you will.
Jury had a kid.
Gib O'Leary.
He helped us with
that Triad takedown in Selma.
Jury found him dead.
Had to be the Chinese.
He blamed us.
We don't know about any kid.
He hadn't seen him in 20 years.
I guess they just reconnected.
CHIBS:
The boy's mother, Jury's ex,
got a place out in Lockeford
about an hour from here.
Go see her. She'll confirm this.
Still don't prove he was a rat.
Mickey, he was the only one
outside this charter that knew
that we were housing
the stolen Chinese guns.
JAX: He copped to it
while we were arguing.
That's why he pulled on me.
What I saw, you decked him.
He went for his nine
in self-defense,
and you shot him in the face.
Well, what you saw and I know
are two different things.
We need a forum on this.
We're heading down to Berdoo.
Packer's gonna lead it.
Keep it impartial. We got Hench,
Monroe, and Lee
coming down from up north.
This is bigger than just Redwood
and Indian Hills, Jax.
Consider this your heads-up.
We'll let you know
what comes out of the meeting.
What has to be done.
I had no idea about this,
Jackie.
Last thing this charter needs.
We got to prove
Jury spoke to Lin.
Juice is the only one
that can do that,
and a rat vetting out a rat
ain't gonna hold much weight.
Tully gets a phone
to the rat bastard.
We record it.
All right.
Good.
Reach out to white,
put it in motion.
Aye.
QUINN: All right, guys.
We'll see you next time.
-Have a good ride.
-Preacher's ready.
That about Jury?
Yeah. Is the phone prepped?
HAPPY:
Yeah. Kid went through it.
Nuked all of the preacher.
Left the boys on it,
in case Marks wants to check it.
Good.
Is he ready?
TIG:
Yeah, he'll be okay.
-Let's go get Bobby.
-All right.
(Bobby chuckling)
Good news, Bobby.
BOBBY:
Mm-hmm?
Your crew has come around
and made a deal with Mr. Marks.
Not curious
about what they gave up for you?
Whatever it is,
it'll just be leading back to
one of us slitting your throat.
You hold on
to that good thought.
Let's go.
(groaning)
Oh.
(groans)
Sorry about this last piece
of business.
Break his jaw.
(groans, chokes)
Again.
What's wrong, bitch?
Afraid these guys
will find out you don't know
how to throw a punch
and out you
as the pussy you are?
Hold on.
I like you, Munson.
You're a good soldier.
Stay hard.
Loyal to the very end.
That's a very rare quality.
(shouts)
NERO: You gonna be okay
if I split for a while?
GEMMA:
Yeah, Unser's here.
I just got
to help Chucky catch up a bit.
Where you heading?
Stockton.
Gonna see my lawyer,
have him, uh, draw up a contract
-so I can sell my piece
of Diosa. -(sighs)
Did you tell Jax?
I tried a couple of times.
It's no worry, though. I mean,
he and Alvarez, all good.
Yeah, well, you're gonna have
to tell him.
And I will.
Are you really gonna do this?
Yeah.
I'm-I'm headed down to Norco
tomorrow.
I'm gonna close the deal
with my Uncle Benny.
This is real, Gem.
You thought about it any more?
You're the only solid thing
in my life right now, baby.
-But everything else is...
-I know, mama.
I ain't going anywhere.
Yeah, you are.
-Going to Norco.
-You know what I mean.
Aw, shit.
No more cop wrestling. Okay?
No promises.
I'll pick you up
in a couple of hours,
head back up to the cabin.
Yeah, unless I'm booked
on a 240.
Keep her out of trouble, hmm?
That's a very tall order, amigo.
Yeah, but do your best. Amigo.
Lo acepto.
This is cozy.
It's an outhouse with a bed.
(chuckles)
I get you anything?
Uh, got some beer and...
well...
that's about it.
I'm good.
(clears throat)
Eglee called.
(grunts)
Said you, uh, took her statement
this morning.
Yeah, she didn't remember much.
Said it was five or six
white guys, maybe neo-Nazi ink.
She and Cane rolled up
for a routine check.
Scumbags started shooting.
Checking AB affiliates,
see who's been active.
Yeah.
Uh, she's been through a lot,
you know?
I wouldn't press her for more.
I got another statement today.
Our aggressive matriarch.
Did some follow-ups on Dun
after Gemma left.
Pulled this from Vegas PD.
(Unser clears throat)
Chris Dun.
Drunk and disorderly.
They didn't file charges.
They let him dry out,
released him.
That's why it's not
on his rap sheet.
Okay.
Check the date.
Oh.
That's the night
Tara was murdered.
The guy two people I.D.'d
as the killer
was in another state
when the crime happened?
Jesus Christ.
I'm tired of this, Wayne.
What the hell is going on?
I don't know.
You should call the DA.
Pull Juice's deal.
Get him out of Ad Seg.
Put him in general pop
or solitary, anyplace else.
I mean,
the least we could do is...
stop someone else
from getting killed.
All right. What about Gemma?
Oh, she'll just... say...
she made a mistake.
All Chinese look alike.
But, hey, don't let them know
we're on to the lie.
Let's see where this leads us.
All right.
How about just you and me?
No weapons. No army.
Fair enough.
Just the things we're trading.
Everybody else drives away.
(engine starts)
I don't like this, Jackie.
Just make sure he's not packing.
You okay?
Yeah.
MAN:
Let's go.
Jesus.
CHIBS:
Up.
Clean.
MOSES:
He's clean.
CHIBS:
We're up. Let's go!
(motorcycle engines revving)
(grunting, moaning)
Okay.
-(grunting)
-Let's go.
Easy, easy, easy, easy.
Hey... you're almost home.
(muffled):
He's got a...
he's got a gun.
You're a lying piece of shit.
If you
or your mother
ever get the idea
to betray me...
this is what happens.
No! No!
Oh, God...
AUGUST:
This is on you, Jackson.
Your betrayal.
Don't ever lie to me again.
Come get the preacher.
(sniffles)
I'm sorry.
(sobbing, quiet chatter)
Get Loutreesha's statement.
Take Quinn.
Deliver it
to Patterson's office.
Anonymously.
(Chibs sniffling)
(choked up):
Maybe we should, uh...
give this one to Jarry.
You know?
(sniffles)
Give her a... give her a win.
Keep her close.
(sniffles)
Yeah.
Not too close, brother.
Aye.
(sniffling)
LOUTREESHA:
Thank you.
Wendy,
I can't get the TV to work.
Oh.
Okay, buddy.
All right.
Let's see what's going on.
Come on.
Let's go see.
Okay, I will.
Gemma's on her way up, wanted to
know if the boys need anything.
I think we're okay.
I know you're pissed.
Should I just leave you alone?
Or...
I'm... crazy, Rat.
You know that, right?
Mood shit, bipolar.
Meds keep most of it in check.
But it's hard enough waking up
some days
not quite knowing who I am.
I can't be with someone
who's completely different
every time I'm with him.
I'm not different.
I'm just...
You're the first one I've been
with since I've had the patch.
I'm just...
trying to figure out
how to do both.
Both of what?
Be SAMCRO and...
be in love with someone.
I'm afraid
I'm gonna mess up both.
Do you love me?
I just said it,
didn't I?
Sort of.
I'm not a dick.
I know.
I love you, too.
(indistinct conversations)
Tully wants you to read this.
(metal clinks)
JAX:
Take the boys to their room.
-Let's go.
-It'll be okay.
(door shuts)
What's going on?
Bobby's dead.
(sniffles)
God, that...
It was August Marks.
Retaliation for us going after
the Chinese.
Hey.
God, does it ever end, Jax?
It already has.
Bobby's in the van outside.
As soon as it gets dark, you and
Montez dig him a grave out back.
Bobby always loved this place.
I want to keep him close.
Of course, brother.
(birds singing)
Grant told me what happened.
I'm sorry.
It's me that should be sorry.
You're right.
I keep making mistakes.
Putting the two of you at risk.
LOUTREESHA: I know
you were only trying to help.
I can sense
that you are a decent man.
I don't think that's true.
What happens now?
The only way we can stop
Marks is by having him arrested.
But you gave him the body.
Most of the preacher is
still on the construction site.
I'm giving the DA
your statement.
Saying you got an anonymous tip.
Maybe from one of your
gang-affiliated parishioners.
It'll lead the cops to the body.
They'll have motive
and your statement.
But you said having him arrested
will just make it worse.
This is a Band-Aid
until I can fix it permanently.
So that means my mom will have
to testify.
JAX: She just has to back up
her statement for now.
I'm gonna bring you home
tomorrow.
You should find a good lawyer.
I'll keep a couple of my guys
with you.
Look, I know
this has been brutal.
But I kept my word.
You're both alive and safe.
I'm not gonna break
that promise.
Thanks for coming so quick.
Yeah, it sounded urgent.
Aye.
We were gonna have this
delivered to Patterson.
But I thought it would help you.
August Marks,
heir to Damon Pope.
He killed a pastor,
Jonathan Haddem,
Piedmont Grace,
just outside Oakland.
He was threatening him
and his family.
Using his church
as a housing scheme.
This is from the wife?
Yeah.
How'd she know
Marks killed her husband?
He chopped off his head,
buried the rest of his body on
one of his construction sites.
The wife got an anonymous tip
from one of her congregation.
"Anonymous"?
Yeah.
I'd move on Marks now.
He gets wind of this, he's gone.
So, I'm supposed
to tell Patterson
that a woman I never met,
way outside my quadrant,
just happened to reach out to me
to make the arrest?
If it's gonna cause you
a problem,
I'll get someone else
to deliver it.
I thought you were in bed
with black.
We're not in bed with anyone.
Don't do that.
Treat me like I'm an idiot.
Listen to me, love.
With Marks and Lin put away,
black and yellow are finished.
And we're all good with brown.
This...
returns the balance.
Things get quiet.
No more bloodshed.
(scoffs)
Tell me about Chris Dun.
Juice and Gemma I.D.'d him
as the guy they saw leaving
Jax's house
the night of Tara's murder.
He's been M.I.A. for weeks.
That's probably why.
'Cause Lin knew he was sloppy.
Got him out of the country.
When did Gemma I.D. him?
Right after she told me
to stop being so righteous.
Because she knew
I was on the take...
and on your dick.
Shit.
Sorry.
If you think us hooking up
is a mistake, then...
we can stop.
Do you think it's a mistake?
I don't know.
It's a yes or no answer.
If it's no...
take me.
Right here.
What?
You heard me.
Uh, Quinn...
I don't give a shit.
If you have feelings for me,
show me.
Right now.
If you don't...
just walk away and we'll go back
to playing cops and robbers.
That's what I thought.
(panting)
(crickets chirping)
TIG:
All together.
(starts engine)
(indistinct radio transmission)
(indistinct chatter)
(footsteps approaching)
Let's go.
Where to?
(sighs)
Solitary?
-I thought Lin was...
-Shut up.
It wasn't our call.
-What is this?
-I'll let Tully know.
Where's Lin?
What the hell's going...?!
Hey! Hey!
(insects trilling)
Give me some time with him.
Sure, sweetheart.
Come on.
Hey. Hey, guys.
You're tracking all this mud in.
-Shit. Sorry. -Come on, guys.
Let's go outside. -Come on.
Come on. We'll dust off outside.
(Gemma crying)
I'm so sorry, Bobby.
I had no idea.
I couldn't see all this.
Please...
Oh, please forgive me.
Please.
(Gemma crying)
(indistinct chatter)
OFFICER:
Get in the car.
Watch your head.
-We're good.
-Let's go.
(siren wailing)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org